A legend tells of an ancient dungeon shrouded in mystery. Many seek it's riches, but few come back alive.
If you seek the dungeon, please enter thy name.
After a long and arduous journey, the entrance to the legendary dungeon stands before you.
The wind seems to beckon you towards the entrance of the dungeon. Will you enter? (yes/no)
You muster up your courage and enter the dungeon. A long corridor meets you with a foreboding silence.
On second thought, you decide that you are not cut out for adventure. You turn around and leave.
After an eternity of slowly shambling through the corridor, the passage seems to open up into an abandoned armory.
You can sense that somewhere in the darkness an evil lurks. You decide to search for a weapon.
After sifting through piles of bones and rusted wares, you come across a Staff, a Sword, and a Dagger.
Choose your weapon. In this dungeon, your weapon will shape the way you do combat. (Enter 0 for Staff, 1 for Sword, or 2 for Dagger)
You have chosen the Staff! As you grab the heavy oaken staff, you can sense a well of mystical energy resonate within.
You have chosen the Sword! You pick up the blade, it's heavy enough that you need both hands to give it a good swing.
You have chosen the Dagger! The small blade is nimble and easier to pick up, but the blade is sharpened to a precise point.
Soon after you test your newly acquired weapon, the faint sound of rattling bones can be heard from the darkness...
From the darkness you see a flash of light, the keen blade of a scimitar appears wielded by a shambling skeleton.
"Kehehehehe... I can see you are new to this dungeon. That weapon you have is mine, and I will have it back!"
Battle Start!
The Skeleton lunges forward at you with a downward strike!
The Skeleton conjures a shard of ice out of thin air. It rockets towards you in an instant.
The Skeleton begins to glow, his empty eye sockets now two burning pits of flame.
The Skeleton cackles as two ghostly spirits erupt from his body, and rend through your soul with a chilling touch.
You may be new to this place but you have all you need to beat this foe. In battle, each side takes a turn to make an action.
For now, you are able to perform the following actions: STRIKE, SKILL, DEFEND, ITEM, STATUS.
The skeleton struck the first blow in this fight, try using STRIKE to do your selected weapon's basic attack. (Enter STRIKE)
You focus your spirit on the energy pulsing from the staff. A magic bolt of light erupts and strikes the skeleton!
You charge forth and swing with your mighty sword!
Like a flash of lightning, you dart forth and strike twice with your dagger.
Excellent! A fine first strike. Each of the Command Actions takes up your turn in a fight. Now, the Skeleton will go again.
"I call upon the spirits of ice... Feel the chill of my ancient bones."
This time, it looks like the skeleton casted a spell using one of his skills. It did a bit more damage than his normal attack.
Just like the skeleton, you have a skill to use. When you picked up your weapon, you also inherited some of the power of the dungeoneer before you.
We'll try using your Class Skill on our next turn, but first let's heal some of the damage the skeleton did. Every dungeoneer has the First Aid ability.
You can use the SKILL command to cast First Aid. (Enter "Cast First Aid")
Excellent! Remember, if your HP reaches zero, your journey ends here and your bones will rest here for eternity.
Now we will show this skeleton your true power. This time, you will cast your main damaging skill.
Each weapon will give you a different first skill. Why not see what you can do? (Enter "Cast Class Skill")
"I see you have a bit of power, well allow me to show you why i'm the keeper of this armory."
Now I leave the fight in your hands, finish this pile of bones and seek your glory!
Your oaken staff rises into the air and erupts in a purple flame. From the wide arching tip a portal appears.
The portal conjures forth an assault of purple asteroids, searing the enemy with molten flame.
You enter a meditative state with your blade poised in a defensive stance. With a sharp breath you conjure the depths of your battle spirit.
Your eyes open, step forward in a flash of light, and bring down your blade with heroic fury.
A devious smirk crawls upon your face, the smirk of one who knows they have bested their opponent.
Simultaneously you drop a smoke bomb and leap towards the skeleton. Your knife shifts rapidly in the air, making three swift cuts.
You are victorious! The dark aura leaves the skeleton's bones as they collapse into pieces on the armory floor.
You notice some gold pieces have dropped from the skeleton's corpse, as well as a weathered scroll.
Do you pick up the gold and scroll? (y/n)
You pick up the loot and continue through the Armory. You spot a doorway not too far from where the skeleton appeared.
You make your way to the doorway, beyond it lies a set of stairs that cascade into darkness.
There's no way you can make it down there with some kind of light. Maybe you have something that can help?
You remember that you picked up a scroll from that Skeleton's corpse.
You unfurl the ancient scroll slowly, it's so weathered it seems like it could crumble in your hands.
Suddenly, the scroll rises from your grasp and hovers in the air. The scroll bursts in a flash of light.
As you squint to see the now brightly lit stairway, you notice that you body is now shrouded in light.
With your newly acquired luminescence, the stairway is no match. You descend the stairway.
The stairway leads to a Great Hall, you see various long tables littered with the bones of those who dwelled here long ago.
The room may have some supplies for your adventure. Will you ransack the room? (yes/no)
After searching the tables and the storage containers of the room, you come across 2 health potions, some gold, and A scroll that seems different than the one before.
Now that the looting is taken care of, something in the far end of the room catches your eye. There is a large throne. A dark silhouette sits in the throne.
"Fooooolish adventurer... What kind of dinner guest loots their host before proper introductions?"
The voice booms from the throne as a cold blue light radiates form the shadowy figure. All the lanterns and candles nearby flare up with the intense light.
The shadowy silhouette is now a radiant spectre. You can hear shrieking voices inside your head, wailing in fear of your impending demise.
"I am lord of this hall. You intrude on the final feast of me and my people, now you will join us in the void of time. Brace yourself."
"Rise, my brothers. Take this foolish hall plunderer's flesh from his bones."
The radiant spectre calls upon the souls of the hall, and fills two rusted suits of armor with a pale blue light.
Battle Start!
Now that you've fought in a real battle before, your battle instincts are sharpening.
You will now have a chance to strike first at the start of battle.
When a battle starts from now on, your "Battle Spirit" stat will be put up against the enemy's. It will randomly generate based on each character.
You approach the Spectre and call upon your battle spirit to challenge his might.
After a clashing of spirits, you have won! You get to go first!
The Spectre's battle spirit was too powerful for you, and they will go first.
The Spectre mumbles a mystic incantation that causes the two ghostly lackeys to glow with a blue aura.
The damage of the ghost lackeys has increased!!!
The lackeys dash forth, crossing past you in a flash and each striking swiftly with a lance.
"Stay strong, my soldiers..." The Spectre sings a sweet tune and heals the ghost soldiers!
"Flesh of my Flesh, I need my spirit back." The Spectre raises it's mighty arms in the air and mutters incantations.
"Power.... Returning..." The Spectre steals the energy of the two soldiers, restoring his health and boosting his power!
A great waterfall of energy surrounds the spectre. Mystical swells of magic build around him.
"You have toiled in my hall long enough, intruder. Now you will rest here with my people."
A cackling mass of force descends upon you and shocks you to your core.
You have bested the Spectre! Do you wish to loot it's tattered raiments? (Enter y/n)
You loot the Spectre of the hall and find some gold pieces, a Potion of Ghostly Evasion, and a mysterious pendant.
















